source/includes/_webhookSubscriptions.md, before:

# Webhook subscriptions

Create a webhook subscription to receive `POST` requests from Dwolla (called webhooks) when events associated with your application occur.  [Webhooks](#webhooks) are sent to a URL which you provide when creating a webhook subscription. While we see most applications maintain one webhook subscription, you can have up to **ten** active webhook subscription at a time. Refer to the [events](#events) section for the list of events that trigger webhooks.

### **Automatic pause of a webhook subscription**
Dwolla will automatically pause subscribed webhook endpoints that are no longer reachable. The webhook subscription will be paused after **400 consecutive failures**. This will help us ensure that unavailable endpoints don’t cause delays or issues in delivery of notifications for other API customers. Webhook subscriptions can be unpaused by calling [this endpoint](#update-a-webhook-subscription).

### Acknowledgement and retries
When your application receives a [webhook](#webhooks), it should respond with a HTTP 2xx status code to indicate successful receipt. If Dwolla receives a status code greater than or equal to 3xx, or your application fails to respond within 10 seconds of the attempt, another attempt will be made. Dwolla will not follow redirects and will treat them as a failure.

Dwolla will re-attempt delivery 8 times over the course of 72 hours according to the backoff schedule below. If a webhook was successfully received but you would like the information again, you can call [retrieve a webhook by its Id](#retrieve-a-webhook).

| Retry number | Interval (relative to last retry) | Interval (relative to original attempt) |
|:------------:|:---------------------------------:|:---------------------------------------:|
|       1      |              15 min               |                  15 min                 |
|       2      |              45 min               |                   1 h                   |
|       3      |               2 h                 |                   3 h                   |
|       4      |               3 h                 |                   6 h                   |
|       5      |               6 h                 |                  12 h                   |
|       6      |              12 h                 |                  24 h                   |
|       7      |              24 h                 |                  48 h                   |
|       8      |              24 h                 |                  72 h                   |

### Webhook subscription resource

| Parameter      | Description                                                                   |
|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| id             | Webhook subscription unique identifier.                                       |
| url            | Subscribed url where Dwolla should deliver the webhook notification.          |
| paused         | A boolean `true` or `false` value indicating if the webhook subscription is paused. A webhook subscription will be automatically paused after 400 consecutive failures. In addition, a subscription can be paused or unpaused by calling [this endpoint](#update-a-webhook-subscription) in the API.  |
| created        | ISO-8601 timestamp                                                            |

## Create a webhook subscription

This section details how to create a webhook subscription to deliver [webhooks](#webhooks) to a specified URL.

### HTTP request
`POST https://api.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions`

### Request parameters
| Parameter | Required | Type | Description |
|-----------|----------|----------------|-------------|
| url | yes | string | Where Dwolla should deliver the webhook notification. |
| secret | yes | string | A random, secret key, only known by your application. This secret key should be securely stored and used later when [validating the authenticity](https://developers.dwolla.com/guides/webhooks/validating-webhooks.html) of the webhook request from Dwolla. |

### Request and response

```raw
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer 0Sn0W6kzNicvoWhDbQcVSKLRUpGjIdlPSEYyrHqrDDoRnQwE7Q
{
    "url": "http://myapplication.com/webhooks",
    "secret": "sshhhhhh"
}
```
```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
request_body = {
  :url => "http://myawesomeapplication.com/destination",
  :secret => "your webhook secret"
}
subscription = app_token.post "webhook-subscriptions", request_body
subscription.response_headers[:location] # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216"
```
```javascript
var requestBody = {
  url: 'http://myawesomeapplication.com/destination',
  secret: 'your webhook secret'
};
appToken
  .post('webhook-subscriptions', requestBody)
  .then(res => res.headers.get('location')); // => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'
```
```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
request_body = {
  'url': 'http://myapplication.com/webhooks',
  'secret': 'sshhhhhh'
}
retries = app_token.post('webhook-subscriptions', request_body)
retries.body['total'] # => 1
```
```php
<?php
$webhookApi = new DwollaSwagger\WebhooksubscriptionsApi($apiClient);
$subscription = $webhookApi->create(array (
  'url' => 'http://myapplication.com/webhooks',
  'secret' => 'sshhhhhh',
));
$subscription; # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216"
?>
```

## Retrieve a webhook subscription

This section details how to retrieve a webhook subscription by its id.

### HTTP request
`GET https://api.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/{id}`

### Request parameters
| Parameter | Required | Type | Description |
|-----------|----------|----------------|-------------|
| id | yes | string | Webhook subscription unique identifier. |

### HTTP status and error codes
| HTTP Status | Message |
|--------------|-------------|
| 404 | Webhook subscription not found. |

### Request and response

```raw
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

...

{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/077dfffb-4852-412f-96b6-0fe668066589"
    },
    "webhooks": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/077dfffb-4852-412f-96b6-0fe668066589/webhooks"
    }
  },
  "id": "077dfffb-4852-412f-96b6-0fe668066589",
  "url": "http://myapplication.com/webhooks",
  "created": "2015-10-28T16:20:47+00:00"
}
```
```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
webhook_subscription_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'

webhook_subscription = app_token.get webhook_subscription_url
webhook_subscription.created # => 2015-10-28T16:20:47+00:00
```
```javascript
var webhookSubscriptionUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216';

appToken
  .get(webhookSubscriptionUrl)
  .then(res => res.body.created); // => '2016-04-20T15:49:50.340Z'
```
```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
webhook_subscription_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'

webhook_subscription = app_token.get(webhook_subscription_url)
webhook_subscription.body['created'] # => '2015-10-28T16:20:47+00:00'
```
```php
<?php
$webhookApi = new DwollaSwagger\WebhooksubscriptionsApi($apiClient);
$retrieved = $webhookApi->id('https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216');

$retrieved->created; # => 2015-10-28T16:20:47+00:00
?>
```

## Update a webhook subscription

This section details how to pause a webhook subscription. When a webhook subscription is paused, Dwolla will continue to create webhooks but not send them to your subscribed webhook url. This is useful if your webhook endpoint is unavailable and you want to temporarily disable webhook requests.

### HTTP request
`POST https://api.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/{id}`

### Request parameters
| Parameter | Required | Type | Description |
|-----------|----------|----------------|-------------|
| id | yes | string | Webhook unique identifier. |
| paused | yes | boolean | Specify a value of `true` to pause the associated webhook subscription or `false` to unpause a paused subscription. |

### Request and response
```raw
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer 0Sn0W6kzNicvoWhDbQcVSKLRUpGjIdlPSEYyrHqrDDoRnQwE7Q
{
    "paused": true
}
```
```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
webhook_subscription_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'

request_body = {
  :paused => true
}

subscription = app_token.post "#{webhook_subscription_url}", request_body
```
```javascript
var webhookSubscriptionUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/692486f8-29f6-4516-a6a5-c69fd2ce854c';

var requestBody = {
  paused: true
};

appToken
  .post(webhookSubscriptionUrl, requestBody)
  .then(res => res.body.paused); // => 'true'
```
```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
webhook_subscription_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'

request_body = {
  'paused': true
}

subscription = app_token.post(webhook_subscription_url, request_body)
subscription.body['paused'] # => true
```
```php
<?php
$webhookSubscriptionUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'

$webhookApi = new DwollaSwagger\WebhooksubscriptionsApi($apiClient);

$subscription = $webhookApi->updateSubscription(array (
  'paused' => true
), $webhookSubscriptionUrl);
?>
```

## List webhook subscriptions

This section covers how to retrieve a list of webhook subscriptions that belong to an application.

### HTTP request
`GET https://api.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions`

### Request and response

```raw
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

...

{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions"
    }
  },
  "_embedded": {
    "webhook-subscriptions": [
      {
        "_links": {
          "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/f4d21628-fde2-4d3a-b69a-0a7cb42adc4c"
          },
          "webhooks": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/f4d21628-fde2-4d3a-b69a-0a7cb42adc4c/webhooks"
          }
        },
        "id": "f4d21628-fde2-4d3a-b69a-0a7cb42adc4c",
        "url": "https://destination.url",
        "created": "2015-08-19T21:43:49.000Z"
      }
    ]
  },
  "total": 1
}
```
```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
webhook_subscriptions = app_token.get "webhook-subscriptions"
webhook_subscriptions.total # => 1
```
```javascript
appToken
  .get('webhook-subscriptions')
  .then(res => res.body.total); // => 1
```
```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
webhook_subscriptions = app_token.get('webhook-subscriptions')
webhook_subscriptions.body['total'] # => 1
```
```php
<?php
$webhookApi = new DwollaSwagger\WebhooksubscriptionsApi($apiClient);

$retrieved = $webhookApi->_list();
$retrieved->total; # => 1
?>
```

## Delete a webhook subscription

Delete a Webhook Subscription to stop receiving Webhooks at the URL specified. If using an SDK, the request was successful unless an exception was thrown stating otherwise.

### HTTP request
`DELETE https://api.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/{id}`

### Request parameters
| Parameter | Required | Type | Description |
|-----------|----------|----------------|-------------|
| id | yes | string | Webhook unique identifier. |

### HTTP status and error codes
| HTTP Status | Message |
|--------------|-------------|
| 404 | Webhook subscription not found. |

### Request and response

```raw
DELETE https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY
```
```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
webhook_subscription_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'

app_token.delete webhook_subscription_url
```
```javascript
var webhookSubscriptionUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216';

appToken.delete(webhookSubscriptionUrl);
```
```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
webhook_subscription_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'

app_token.delete(webhook_subscription_url)
```
```php
<?php
$webhookApi = new DwollaSwagger\WebhooksubscriptionsApi($apiClient);
$webhookApi->deleteById('https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216');
?>
```

## List webhooks for a webhook subscription

This section covers how to view all fired [webhooks](#webhooks) for a webhook subscription. **Note:** Dwolla will only guarantee access to webhook data through the API over a rolling 30-day period.

### HTTP request
`GET https://api.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/{id}/webhooks`

### Request parameters
| Parameter | Required | Type | Description |
|-----------|----------|----------------|-------------|
| id | yes | string | Webhook subscription unique identifier. |
| limit | no | integer | How many results to return. Defaults to 25. |
| offset | no | integer | How many results to skip. |

### Request and response

```raw
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/10d4133e-b308-4646-b276-40d9d36def1c/webhooks
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

...

{
  "_links": {},
  "total": 0,
  "_embedded": {
      "webhooks": [
          {
            "_links": {},
            "id": "string",
            "topic": "string",
            "accountId": "string",
            "eventId": "string",
            "subscriptionId": "string",
            "attempts": [
              {
                "id": "string",
                "request": {
                  "created": "2015-07-23T14:19:37.006Z",
                  "url": "string",
                  "headers": [
                    {
                      "name": "string",
                      "value": "string"
                    }
                  ],
                  "body": "string"
                },
                "response": {
                  "created": "2015-07-23T14:19:37.006Z",
                  "headers": [
                    {
                      "name": "string",
                      "value": "string"
                    }
                  ],
                  "statusCode": 0,
                  "body": "string"
                }
              }
          }
      ]
  }
}
```
```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
webhook_subscription_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'

hooks = app_token.get "#{webhook_subscription_url}/webhooks"
hooks.total # => 5
```
```javascript
var webhookSubscriptionUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216';

appToken
  .get(`${webhookSubscriptionUrl}/webhooks`)
  .then(res => res.body.total); // => 5
```
```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
webhook_subscription_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'

hooks = app_token.get('%s/webhooks' % webhook_subscription_url)
hooks.body['total'] # => 5
```
```php
<?php
$webhookApi = new DwollaSwagger\WebhooksApi($apiClient);

$hooks = $webhookApi->hooksById('https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216');
$hooks->total; # => 5
?>
```
* * *

Commit message:

Updated text about Webhooks Subscriptions limit

source/includes/_webhookSubscriptions.md, after:

# Webhook subscriptions

Create a webhook subscription to receive `POST` requests from Dwolla (called webhooks) when events associated with your application occur.  [Webhooks](#webhooks) are sent to a URL which you provide when creating a webhook subscription. While we see most applications maintain one webhook subscription, you can have up to **ten** active webhook subscriptions in Sandbox, and upto **five** in Production at a time.. Refer to the [events](#events) section for the list of events that trigger webhooks.

### **Automatic pause of a webhook subscription**
Dwolla will automatically pause subscribed webhook endpoints that are no longer reachable. The webhook subscription will be paused after **400 consecutive failures**. This will help us ensure that unavailable endpoints don’t cause delays or issues in delivery of notifications for other API customers. Webhook subscriptions can be unpaused by calling [this endpoint](#update-a-webhook-subscription).

### Acknowledgement and retries
When your application receives a [webhook](#webhooks), it should respond with a HTTP 2xx status code to indicate successful receipt. If Dwolla receives a status code greater than or equal to 3xx, or your application fails to respond within 10 seconds of the attempt, another attempt will be made. Dwolla will not follow redirects and will treat them as a failure.

Dwolla will re-attempt delivery 8 times over the course of 72 hours according to the backoff schedule below. If a webhook was successfully received but you would like the information again, you can call [retrieve a webhook by its Id](#retrieve-a-webhook).

| Retry number | Interval (relative to last retry) | Interval (relative to original attempt) |
|:------------:|:---------------------------------:|:---------------------------------------:|
|       1      |              15 min               |                  15 min                 |
|       2      |              45 min               |                   1 h                   |
|       3      |               2 h                 |                   3 h                   |
|       4      |               3 h                 |                   6 h                   |
|       5      |               6 h                 |                  12 h                   |
|       6      |              12 h                 |                  24 h                   |
|       7      |              24 h                 |                  48 h                   |
|       8      |              24 h                 |                  72 h                   |

### Webhook subscription resource

| Parameter      | Description                                                                   |
|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| id             | Webhook subscription unique identifier.                                       |
| url            | Subscribed url where Dwolla should deliver the webhook notification.          |
| paused         | A boolean `true` or `false` value indicating if the webhook subscription is paused. A webhook subscription will be automatically paused after 400 consecutive failures. In addition, a subscription can be paused or unpaused by calling [this endpoint](#update-a-webhook-subscription) in the API.  |
| created        | ISO-8601 timestamp                                                            |

## Create a webhook subscription

This section details how to create a webhook subscription to deliver [webhooks](#webhooks) to a specified URL.

### HTTP request
`POST https://api.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions`

### Request parameters
| Parameter | Required | Type | Description |
|-----------|----------|----------------|-------------|
| url | yes | string | Where Dwolla should deliver the webhook notification. |
| secret | yes | string | A random, secret key, only known by your application. This secret key should be securely stored and used later when [validating the authenticity](https://developers.dwolla.com/guides/webhooks/validating-webhooks.html) of the webhook request from Dwolla. |

### HTTP status and error codes

| HTTP Status |    Code                  |   Description       |
|-------------|--------------------------|---------------------|
| 400         | MaxNumberOfResources     | The maximum number of subscriptions has been reached.|

### Request and response

```raw
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer 0Sn0W6kzNicvoWhDbQcVSKLRUpGjIdlPSEYyrHqrDDoRnQwE7Q
{
    "url": "http://myapplication.com/webhooks",
    "secret": "sshhhhhh"
}
```
```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
request_body = {
  :url => "http://myawesomeapplication.com/destination",
  :secret => "your webhook secret"
}
subscription = app_token.post "webhook-subscriptions", request_body
subscription.response_headers[:location] # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216"
```
```javascript
var requestBody = {
  url: 'http://myawesomeapplication.com/destination',
  secret: 'your webhook secret'
};
appToken
  .post('webhook-subscriptions', requestBody)
  .then(res => res.headers.get('location')); // => 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'
```
```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
request_body = {
  'url': 'http://myapplication.com/webhooks',
  'secret': 'sshhhhhh'
}
retries = app_token.post('webhook-subscriptions', request_body)
retries.body['total'] # => 1
```
```php
<?php
$webhookApi = new DwollaSwagger\WebhooksubscriptionsApi($apiClient);
$subscription = $webhookApi->create(array (
  'url' => 'http://myapplication.com/webhooks',
  'secret' => 'sshhhhhh',
));
$subscription; # => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216"
?>
```

## Retrieve a webhook subscription

This section details how to retrieve a webhook subscription by its id.

### HTTP request
`GET https://api.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/{id}`

### Request parameters
| Parameter | Required | Type | Description |
|-----------|----------|----------------|-------------|
| id | yes | string | Webhook subscription unique identifier. |

### HTTP status and error codes
| HTTP Status | Message |
|--------------|-------------|
| 404 | Webhook subscription not found. |

### Request and response

```raw
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

...

{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/077dfffb-4852-412f-96b6-0fe668066589"
    },
    "webhooks": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/077dfffb-4852-412f-96b6-0fe668066589/webhooks"
    }
  },
  "id": "077dfffb-4852-412f-96b6-0fe668066589",
  "url": "http://myapplication.com/webhooks",
  "created": "2015-10-28T16:20:47+00:00"
}
```
```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
webhook_subscription_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'

webhook_subscription = app_token.get webhook_subscription_url
webhook_subscription.created # => 2015-10-28T16:20:47+00:00
```
```javascript
var webhookSubscriptionUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216';

appToken
  .get(webhookSubscriptionUrl)
  .then(res => res.body.created); // => '2016-04-20T15:49:50.340Z'
```
```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
webhook_subscription_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'

webhook_subscription = app_token.get(webhook_subscription_url)
webhook_subscription.body['created'] # => '2015-10-28T16:20:47+00:00'
```
```php
<?php
$webhookApi = new DwollaSwagger\WebhooksubscriptionsApi($apiClient);
$retrieved = $webhookApi->id('https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216');

$retrieved->created; # => 2015-10-28T16:20:47+00:00
?>
```

## Update a webhook subscription

This section details how to pause a webhook subscription. When a webhook subscription is paused, Dwolla will continue to create webhooks but not send them to your subscribed webhook url. This is useful if your webhook endpoint is unavailable and you want to temporarily disable webhook requests.

### HTTP request
`POST https://api.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/{id}`

### Request parameters
| Parameter | Required | Type | Description |
|-----------|----------|----------------|-------------|
| id | yes | string | Webhook unique identifier. |
| paused | yes | boolean | Specify a value of `true` to pause the associated webhook subscription or `false` to unpause a paused subscription. |

### Request and response
```raw
POST https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Content-Type: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer 0Sn0W6kzNicvoWhDbQcVSKLRUpGjIdlPSEYyrHqrDDoRnQwE7Q
{
    "paused": true
}
```
```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
webhook_subscription_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'

request_body = {
  :paused => true
}

subscription = app_token.post "#{webhook_subscription_url}", request_body
```
```javascript
var webhookSubscriptionUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/692486f8-29f6-4516-a6a5-c69fd2ce854c';

var requestBody = {
  paused: true
};

appToken
  .post(webhookSubscriptionUrl, requestBody)
  .then(res => res.body.paused); // => 'true'
```
```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
webhook_subscription_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'

request_body = {
  'paused': true
}

subscription = app_token.post(webhook_subscription_url, request_body)
subscription.body['paused'] # => true
```
```php
<?php
$webhookSubscriptionUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'

$webhookApi = new DwollaSwagger\WebhooksubscriptionsApi($apiClient);

$subscription = $webhookApi->updateSubscription(array (
  'paused' => true
), $webhookSubscriptionUrl);
?>
```

## List webhook subscriptions

This section covers how to retrieve a list of webhook subscriptions that belong to an application.

### HTTP request
`GET https://api.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions`

### Request and response

```raw
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

...

{
  "_links": {
    "self": {
      "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions"
    }
  },
  "_embedded": {
    "webhook-subscriptions": [
      {
        "_links": {
          "self": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/f4d21628-fde2-4d3a-b69a-0a7cb42adc4c"
          },
          "webhooks": {
            "href": "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/f4d21628-fde2-4d3a-b69a-0a7cb42adc4c/webhooks"
          }
        },
        "id": "f4d21628-fde2-4d3a-b69a-0a7cb42adc4c",
        "url": "https://destination.url",
        "created": "2015-08-19T21:43:49.000Z"
      }
    ]
  },
  "total": 1
}
```
```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
webhook_subscriptions = app_token.get "webhook-subscriptions"
webhook_subscriptions.total # => 1
```
```javascript
appToken
  .get('webhook-subscriptions')
  .then(res => res.body.total); // => 1
```
```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
webhook_subscriptions = app_token.get('webhook-subscriptions')
webhook_subscriptions.body['total'] # => 1
```
```php
<?php
$webhookApi = new DwollaSwagger\WebhooksubscriptionsApi($apiClient);

$retrieved = $webhookApi->_list();
$retrieved->total; # => 1
?>
```

## Delete a webhook subscription

Delete a Webhook Subscription to stop receiving Webhooks at the URL specified. If using an SDK, the request was successful unless an exception was thrown stating otherwise.

### HTTP request
`DELETE https://api.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/{id}`

### Request parameters
| Parameter | Required | Type | Description |
|-----------|----------|----------------|-------------|
| id | yes | string | Webhook unique identifier. |

### HTTP status and error codes
| HTTP Status | Message |
|--------------|-------------|
| 404 | Webhook subscription not found. |

### Request and response

```raw
DELETE https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY
```
```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
webhook_subscription_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'

app_token.delete webhook_subscription_url
```
```javascript
var webhookSubscriptionUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216';

appToken.delete(webhookSubscriptionUrl);
```
```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
webhook_subscription_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'

app_token.delete(webhook_subscription_url)
```
```php
<?php
$webhookApi = new DwollaSwagger\WebhooksubscriptionsApi($apiClient);
$webhookApi->deleteById('https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216');
?>
```

## List webhooks for a webhook subscription

This section covers how to view all fired [webhooks](#webhooks) for a webhook subscription. **Note:** Dwolla will only guarantee access to webhook data through the API over a rolling 30-day period.

### HTTP request
`GET https://api.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/{id}/webhooks`

### Request parameters
| Parameter | Required | Type | Description |
|-----------|----------|----------------|-------------|
| id | yes | string | Webhook subscription unique identifier. |
| limit | no | integer | How many results to return. Defaults to 25. |
| offset | no | integer | How many results to skip. |

### Request and response

```raw
GET https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/10d4133e-b308-4646-b276-40d9d36def1c/webhooks
Accept: application/vnd.dwolla.v1.hal+json
Authorization: Bearer pBA9fVDBEyYZCEsLf/wKehyh1RTpzjUj5KzIRfDi0wKTii7DqY

...

{
  "_links": {},
  "total": 0,
  "_embedded": {
      "webhooks": [
          {
            "_links": {},
            "id": "string",
            "topic": "string",
            "accountId": "string",
            "eventId": "string",
            "subscriptionId": "string",
            "attempts": [
              {
                "id": "string",
                "request": {
                  "created": "2015-07-23T14:19:37.006Z",
                  "url": "string",
                  "headers": [
                    {
                      "name": "string",
                      "value": "string"
                    }
                  ],
                  "body": "string"
                },
                "response": {
                  "created": "2015-07-23T14:19:37.006Z",
                  "headers": [
                    {
                      "name": "string",
                      "value": "string"
                    }
                  ],
                  "statusCode": 0,
                  "body": "string"
                }
              }
          }
      ]
  }
}
```
```ruby
# Using DwollaV2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby
webhook_subscription_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'

hooks = app_token.get "#{webhook_subscription_url}/webhooks"
hooks.total # => 5
```
```javascript
var webhookSubscriptionUrl = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216';

appToken
  .get(`${webhookSubscriptionUrl}/webhooks`)
  .then(res => res.body.total); // => 5
```
```python
# Using dwollav2 - https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python
webhook_subscription_url = 'https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216'

hooks = app_token.get('%s/webhooks' % webhook_subscription_url)
hooks.body['total'] # => 5
```
```php
<?php
$webhookApi = new DwollaSwagger\WebhooksApi($apiClient);

$hooks = $webhookApi->hooksById('https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/webhook-subscriptions/5af4c10a-f6de-4ac8-840d-42cb65454216');
$hooks->total; # => 5
?>
```
* * *
